From start to finish
I never said no to you.
And I told you
It's only the second time I've met Miss Yue
We are upright and clean
But you said so
What a man with a heart, everything is dirty
We just got divorced.
You went to the Jinlongjiang wine party to pester me
Still confused with this woman
Now they even hit people.
You made a scene like this at the venue
If not for you
Now the awards start early
This has nothing to do with Mr. Long
Miss Yue, this is my home
Thanks for your review.
But I hope you still handle it.
I understand, I hope you can be pure.
Thanks for understanding.
Lin Mengdi has always been me helping you
You wouldn't be where you are today without me
Please help me
So many years
Our Lin family has always been supporting you.
What do you do with your takeout money?
It seems I'm really blind
I just want to give you a gift tonight.
You really can't tell right from wrong
Also gave me a gift
Your gift to me
Is to make the venue like this
You are a man living off a woman
Asked out by our neighbor
Help another rich woman in a blink of an eye
Aren't you ashamed?
You think your neighbor doesn't have me?
Can you make it to today?
I even gave you your identity
You say I rely on who the woman is relying on who
Don't reverse the order.
What are you?
If it weren't for my grandmother
There's no way I'll marry you